docs: more prominent config ordering contact (#1515)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/internet-header/getting-started.stories.mdx

## Configuration

The Internet Header is built to support the already existing Portal Configuration used for the old Internet Header.

If you're working on a new project, you probably need a new configuration. Please click the button below.

> <a class="mb-small-r btn-primary btn btn-rg btn-animated" href="mailto:digitalconsulting@post.ch" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><span>Contact Post Portal Team</span></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a class="mb-small-r btn-primary btn" href="mailto:digitalconsulting@post.ch" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Contact Post Portal Team<post-icon name="1001" class="fs-large"></post-icon></a>
```

> Not every Online Service has configurations for all environments. For example, "TOPOS" only has `int02` configured and cannot use `int01` as value for environment. If you are not sure what's configured for your project, please also click the button above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every Online Service has configurations for all environments. For example, "TOPOS" only has `int02` configured and cannot use `int01` as value for environment. If you are not sure what's configured for your project, please also use the button above, to ask the post-portal team about it.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, although the comma after "above" isn't really fitting. What do you think of leaving it out?
